
# What's Happening?

This website/webpage is inspired and mostly follows the instructions as set out in https://github.com/mdn/learning-area/blob/main/javascript/introduction-to-js-1/first-splash/number-guessing-game.html. It is an exercise used to demonstrate the power of javascript when used together with html and css.

The goal is to build a guessing game where an input from 1 to 100 is taken and evauleted against a random number generated by using javascript. 

Although I follow most of the code within the aforementioned github page (with exact copy of css and most of the html), I also insert and remove some logic. These differences are:

1) In the way I store the previous guesses:

While the exercises updates this by using the counter of 1 and then ensuring that the code updates the outputs, I store all previous guesses in an array and then render the array as an output to be displayed on the page.

With the guesses stored in an array, I am able to check if a new guess is part of the list of the previous guesses which if it is, the webpage displays a message about this.

2) In setting the game over functionality of the game, I also insert a message regarding the game being over that is different from the original game.

3) When the game is over due to the guess counter having reached 10, I remove some of the code as it feels redundant since it's accounted for by simply not adding code.

4) Finally, the code structure is different since I coded it from my own understanding of the ask.

# It's free to use

Since I was inspired (and mostly copied) I can also inspire you to try it out yourself.

I am currently learning about javascript and this is really a nice exercise if you're also on that journey, so feel free to copy and use it for your purpose. 

However, some credit is appreciated if you use any of my editions.

Happy programming :)

# Where to find the live webpage

Simply slip this monstrousity into your browser and it'll take you there:

https://scelonkabinde-95.github.io/javascript-guessing-game/

